PROGRESS 4:5... So forth she brought us artificery, inanimate made animate, lyfe granted unto the impossible. The very scoms, hermes and miesters are but decendants of her creations. made as purpose-set lyves manifest by the enchantments she so manipulated and designed.
PROGRESS 7:6... And they tell the ignorant that ZIZO is the Archdevil. LIES! The truth is She achieved ascension, shattered the lie of mortals and gods being seperate! And the Ten feared Her, for they saw Her as a threat to their power, and so they lied, But we know the truth, and this truth sets us free.
PROGRESS 12:5... The ignorant will discover their true nature, in wrath and ruin. They will take to the stars and burn them out, one by one. Only when the last star turns to dust, will they finally realize that She was trying to save them from Man's greatest foe; oblivion.
PROGRESS 6:5... The gods of the Pantheon received Her with anger and hatred, but they were dominated by fear, that of which a new era without slaves to tyrany and death could exist. for they could not stop the wheel of Progress from turning.
PROGRESS 6:3... Yet do not mistake the immortal prophet as always gospel, for even immortality has its flaws, we must know what brings us forwards. Lest we too fall into ignorance, stagnation; something must always change.
PROGRESS 9:4... And one of many of her greatest creations, Still used to this dae; a mixture of Fulgarmancy arts and Artifice combined to bring forth LYFE anew, without the need of beseeching divinity.
PROGRESS 6:7... Her blessed Avantyne, weaved and threaded its way up upon the steel alloy and flesh alyke, an agonising, yet Process that left something far greater than what was before, a testament to the cost and benefits of Progress alyke.
PROGRESS 8:8... Although the Apprentice believed themselves hopeless, forsaken by the so called "Divinity" of the pantheon; by Her will, They were granted POWER and POTENTAL they were denied to seek their own destiny in her Name.
PROGRESS 2:3... Up the Z, down the PSY! Its not a bad omen but a sigil of change; they view themselves as seperate but they merely mislead to the wrong path for we serve a higher purpose for this world. Her work was never obliteration of His creation but a world anew, to preserve Humenity from oblivion.
PROGRESS 4:8... Do not fault the layman for fearing Her disciples, nor for driving them out of the villages with pitchforks-and-torches. They, too, will come to see the blessings of Zizo, all in due tyme.
