SACRIFICE 11:12... We were once all slaves to death, every breath is a prayer to the gods to delay your end. But Zizo bestowed us the way to break these shackles of mortality, to become masters of our own destiny, to transcend the boundary between LYFE and DEATH. Sacrifice for the greater good.
SACRIFICE 4:11... Food is what cultivates lyfe; and without lyfe, there would be nothing left. At least, that is what His children would want you to believe.
SACRIFICE 5:7... To most a shovel is a tool for burying the lyfeless. His worshippers would say that death is necessary; that the body will nourish this world, so that more lyfe may sprout. But to those who know the truth - Her truth, it is nothing more than a mockery.
SACRIFICE 5:2... To bring the lyfeless back from decrepity, to elevate them to heights once thought unsurmountable; that is but part of the will of Zizo, made manifest.
SACRIFICE 7:3... The spine; a sacred leyline between spirit and sinew. It must remain unsevered, lest Her blessings be lost.
SACRIFICE 12:5... The ignorant will discover their true nature, in wrath and ruin. They will take to the stars and burn them out, one by one. Only when the last star turns to dust, will they finally realize that She was trying to save them from Man's greatest foe; oblivion.
SACRIFICE 6:12... And so the body rose, as the Magos lifted his hand. LYFE brought unto the LYFELESS, her art and blessing GYFTED to mortal hands. The dead rose up again to serve and so the village did not perish this yill.
SACRIFICE 8:3... While they believed they endured and bled, ignorant and blinded by His misled faithful. The Herald of Her stood firm, arm shattered, half-o-dozen wounds that would have been fatal for mortalkynd; a testament to her work, a height thought unsurmountable.
SACRIFICE 5:9... And had the hunter's husband not become a deadite arisen through her GYFT of UNLYFE. His vessel would have been forfeit to the rot of this world, Zizo's blessings and curse with purpose to save a soul from DEATH's eternal clutches.
SACRIFICE 7:3... Meet your lord, and know your place. Let progress be my chariot, and let my hands be the vessel that rips paradise free from its heavenly grasp. Let Psydonia's carcass not spell the death of Man, but the birth of Gods.
